Issue discussion templates & workflow update (#6499)
public-ui/kolibri: packages/tools/kolibri-cli/README.md

  -h, --help                  display help for command

Commands:

>   info						  Shows the system and KoliBri package informations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  info						  Shows the system and KoliBri package information
```

  migrate [options] <string>  This command migrates KoliBri code to the current version.
  help [command]              display help for command
```

### Info

> With the `info` command you can show the actual system and KoliBri package informations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `info` command you can show the current system and KoliBri package information.
```
